Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
Summary:
A recently divorced, middle aged woman, Katie had been having a hard time as of
late. Her kind nephew, Ian, makes money on the side shrinking down and doing
photoshoots. Thinking it'll help her get her confidence back, he decides to do one
for her.
What could go wrong....
Categories: Breasts, Body Exploration, Fantasy, Feet, Humiliation, Incest,
Mouth Play Characters: None
Growth: None
Shrink: Nano (1/2 in. to 2.5 nanometers)
Size Roles: F/m
Warnings: None
Challenges: None
Series: None
Chapters: 5 Completed: Yes Word count: 12032 Read: 64701 Published:
September 29 2022 Updated: December 08 2022
1. Chapter 1 - Aunt's First Time by Da Boss
2. Chapter 2 - Aunt Katie's Mouth by Da Boss
3. Chapter 3 - Aunt Katie's Breasts by Da Boss
4. Chapter 4 - Aunt Katie's Crotch by Da Boss
5. Chapter 5 - Aunt Katie's Ultimatum by Da Boss
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Chapter 1 - Aunt's First Time by Da Boss
Author's Notes:
Here's the first chapter.  Hope you enjoy.
--
“I don’t know. This is crazy, it sounds so weird,” stated Katie, to her nephew Ian, while the pair sat in the
garage of Ian’s parents’ house. Katie took a sip from her berry-flavored wine cooler, and was still processing
the idea her nephew had pitched to her. Recently settling her divorce from her “piece of shit” ex-husband,
Steve, Katie was having a very hard time adjusting to single life in her forties. She had been married for over
twenty years, and never thought she would need to date again. On top of that, Ian had just pitched an idea that
left the middle-aged woman dumbfounded.
Her twenty-two year old nephew was standing on the other side of the garage, sipping a craft beer and
tinkering with a nice looking camera. “I’m just saying, I think you should do it,” he said, taking another sip of
his beer. “I’ve done this a lot before, and people always feel great after. It really helps their self-image and
self-esteem. All that stuff.”
Ian knew that his aunt was having a rough time as of late, particularly when it came to how she viewed
herself after the divorce. While his Aunt Katie wasn’t a Victoria’s Secret model, she was pretty attractive for
her age. With pale skin and standing about five feet and eight inches tall, Katie had shoulder-length, reddish
brown hair, with brown eyes and light pink lips, though they were often coated in a deep, red lipstick. Katie
was not fat by any means, but did have some meat on her bones. Her weight was hidden and disbursed well
though, enhancing her breasts and ass.
“Do your parents have any idea you do this?” Katie asked in surprise.
A smile crept over Ian’s face. “No, they do not,” he said with a cocky grin. “And I’d like to keep it that way.”
There was an awkward silence as Katie stopped and pondered what her nephew had just offered to do for her.
She had been ranting to him about her feeling very down and depressed lately. He then revealed to her that he
was in position of a rare shrinking device prototype. Rather than use it for science or seemingly mischievous
purposes, Ian was always business minded. He had been shrinking himself down and performing
photography sessions for people wanted to be viewed as either a giant or giantess. Much to her surprise, he
offered to do the same for her.
“Isn’t it dangerous?” she questioned. “I mean, how small are you going to be?  What if I step on you?”
Raising his eyebrows, Ian gave a casual shrug. “Well….you’d crush me. So don’t do that,” he said laughing.
The way he was not bothered by this was almost more disturbing to Katie. Her nephew didn’t seemed to be
phased at all by the thought of being smashed like a bug underneath her giant feet. Her train of thoughts was
interrupted by Ian continuing. “I usually start off around an inch tall. I let my client control my size mostly.”
Katie’s eyes went wide upon hearing this. “You what?! Aren’t you worried that they’ll make you too small?
Or they won’t grow you back?” Her voice was raised now and sounded panicked. “What if they….”
“Auntie, relax,” Ian said, shaking his head, starting to grow a bit annoyed. “I ONLY do this for people I know
and trust. That’s why I’m offering to do it for you. We can just start off with some harmless pics. If you don’t
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
like it just grow me back and that’ll be the end of it.”
Thinking it over momentarily, Katie had to admit that she was at least a bit intrigued by the concept. “Well, as
long as it’ll be safe. How about tomorrow afternoon at my house?” she offered.
“That works for me,” Ian said, adjusting something on his camera as Katie stood up to give him a hug.
“By the way, what should I wear?”
Again, Ian gave a shrug. “Whatever you think you’ll look beautiful in,” he teased. “Just try not to crush me,”
he said with a laugh.
“No, I’m sure you’ll look too cute for that,” Katie teased. “But I might just eat you up.”
Ian’s grin faded for a split second before returning. “Yeah, don’t do that either,” he said, trying not to pay
much attention to it. He figured his aunt was just awkward as always. Her response to this was a wink and
giggle, before leaving again.
--
The next day, Katie’s heart was racing as she stood in the window of her one-story house, waiting for her
soon to be tiny nephew to arrive. She paced back and forth, questioning if she was actually going to go
through with this. “This is crazy, this is crazy,” she kept muttering to herself under her breath. “I can’t do a
raunchy photoshoot with Ian, I better cancel this,” she said, starting to panic.
Before she could start texting Ian, she saw his car pull up in front of her house. The young man exited the
vehicle and walked up the driveway, before knocking on the front door. “It’s open,” she called out, and she
heard Ian enter the house.
“Hey, Aunt Katie,” Ian said, letting himself in. “I brought cupcakes.“ He smiled and placed a carton of
chocolate and vanilla cupcakes down on the counter, and then lowered a mysterious black bag which had
been draped over his shoulder down to the floor.
Katie couldn’t help but smile, always appreciating how sweet Ian could be and how much he looked out for
her. “Awww, thanks sweetie,” she said with a grin.
“So, you ready?” Ian asked looking up from his phone. His eyes widened as he examined his aunt’s body. She
was wearing a yellow sundress which did it’s job in showing off her ass and her breasts. “Damn, that outfit
looks great on you,” he said.
Unable to stifle a giggle, Katie bit her lip and curled her toes in the carpet floor. “So LITTLE guy,” she said
teasingly. “How exactly is this gonna work?”
Ian began to open the bag and remove the contents of it. There was a two-way radio, one of which was a head
set for his communication with her while he was tiny. There was a nice camera which was self-explanatory.
Ian then pulled out what looked like a black tactical belt and a remote control that went along with it.
“Alright, this belt allows whoever is wearing it to change size,” he said, strapping it around his waist. He then
handed her the remote. “And this changes the size of whoever is wearing the belt.”
Studying the device in her hands, Katie’s hands nearly started to shake and she felt butterflies in her stomach.
Her nephew was literally giving her the power to change his own size in the palm of her hands. She examined
the device which appeared to have a keypad built into it, with an LED screen with blocky, red numbers on the
screen.
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Hearing a click, it sounded like Ian was all set as the belt snapped around his waist. Transfixed on the device,
Katie was not listening as her nephew continued to explain the technicalities of the equipment. Not bothering
to listen to him drone on, Katie began to fidget with the remote which allegedly controlled Ian’s size.
Looking up, she saw that Ian was looking down at his camera momentarily, not paying attention to her. A
grin crept over her face. “Time to test this out,” she thought to herself.
Scrolling through the remote, Katie did not hear what Ian was talking about. She decided to put in a random
number to see what happened. “1/8th inch” she thought to herself. That should work. She hit the button on
the bottom of the remote which said CONVERT. She stared at the remote for a few more seconds, intrigued
by how it worked. When she looked up her nephew was gone.
“Ian?” Katie asked curiously, unsure where her nephew went. “Where’d you go?” Obviously, Ian had
explained to Katie several times how the shrinking process worked, but she still wasn’t sure if she believed
him. Being a bit of an airhead at times, Katie scrunched her bare toes and began slapping her right big toe
against the ground, unaware of where exactly Ian was.
Obviously, what happened to Ian was exactly what he told his Aunt Katie. He had put on the belt that allowed
him to change sizes, and shrunk once she activated the remote. The tiny guy was incredibly disoriented, as he
never got used to the immediate aftermath of shrinking. He continued to look around and realized just how
small he was. He also realized where exactly he was on the floor. Craning his head up, his jaw dropped. In
front of him were the titanic toes of his aunt. Raising his view higher and higher, he could see the now
monolithic body of his aunt, standing there with her hands on her hips.
“Fuck, she made me way too small,” Ian said in annoyance, with his anxiety starting to build. It was true, this
was smaller than he had ever been before, and Katie wasn’t even looking at him!  She was just standing there,
like a towering titan, tapping the ground with her bare foot. The consistent vibrations of her doing this caused
Ian to fall on the ground while he stared at her. “Aunt Katie you gotta look down here,” Ian mumbled to
herself, though he had no delusions about being heard. Raising the camera, he began snapping pictures of his
aunt’s giant foot.  He then began working his way up her silhouette.
Irritated at her nephew’s sudden disappearance, Katie had enough. She glanced down at the floor just to
check if Ian had actually been shrunken, but didn’t immediately see anything. She wanted to believe that it
worked and Ian had actually been minimized. The problem with this was that Katie didn’t realize how small
an eighth of an inch was. From her height and perspective, she couldn’t see his tiny body on the floor. Lifting
her foot, she started to take a step forward with her right foot.
“Oh shit!” Ian shouted, stumbling to his feet. He broke into a sprint as his aunt’s giant foot came down
crashing next to him. Was she actively trying to kill him?!  Just as he avoided one foot, she pivoted her left
foot and nearly stepped on him again. “Aunt Katie stop!  I’m still down here!” he screamed.
Looking around the room, Katie through her arms up in irritation. “I knew he was full of shit,” she muttered
to herself.  Not even realizing what she was doing, the busty brunette stretched and scrunched her toes once
more.
Knocked back by the giant, sweaty big toe, Ian was in a daze and didn’t realize what was happening. Seconds
later, he realized that he was now between his aunt’s two biggest toes on her left foot. Ian gagged as Aunt
Katie lifted her foot, and the stale odor overpowered his nostrils. He didn’t know if it was the sweat, but
something made him want to vomit.
Walking over to the kitchen counter, Katie was completely oblivious to the fact that her nephew was currently
trapped between her toes. One tight squeeze and it could be all over for him. She was disappointed at how
this went. The idea of shrinking someone was all too alluring to her right now. Thoughts raced through her
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
mind of shrinking down her good for nothing ex-husband. She idea of him begging for her life as she slowly
placed her breast on top of him, then squishing him under the weight and pressure, was a thought she
couldn’t escape. If only.
As she walked towards the couch to watch some T.V., she felt a slight irritation between her toes. Glancing
down and casually spreading them apart, Ian’s sweat-covered body was freed and he dropped the short
distance down to the floor. Her eyes narrowed as she something tiny near her giant toes.
Gasping for breath, Ian took his time to collect himself.  Hunched over with his hands on his knees, he
reached for his camera and his tripod, assuming that his aunt was now in on this and was ready to continue
the shoot. He thought to himself that he’d have to confront her about this later, and ask her why she nearly
smushed him between her toes. Looking through the lens of the camera, he began snapping photo’s going up
Katie’s body. The giant toes covered in red polish, her giant and thick legs and hips, up to her waist where her
hands were positioned in an agitated matter.
Ian froze, his gut telling him that something was wrong. Then he continued to snap photos going up Aunt
Katie’s body, until he finally saw her face. It was a bit blurry and far off from her sheer size, but those giant
eyes were laser focused on his body. And they did not look please. Her red lips also twisted into a look of
disgust.
“DAMMIT, THIS IS NOT WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW,” Katie said, in a tone which would terrify any tiny
creature. She started picturing her tiny ex-husband was this bug on the floor. She began to feel butterflies in
her stomach as she thought about placing her big toe on top of that scumbag, only to feel his useless body
implode underneath it.
As that thought crept through her head and she raised her foot up to her heel, she suddenly froze. What if this
actually was a tiny person. Ian did say he would shrink, but again, this tiny bug on the floor was far smaller
than she imagined him getting.
Staring up in awe at the titanic woman, Ian was frozen in place as she began to lower her hand down towards
him. Soon, two giant fingers tightly gripped his body, momentarily squeezing the air out of his lungs. Ian
desperately tried to yell but didn’t think any sound came out. He was stunned as he was brought in front of
the monstrous, glaring eyeball.
Observing the one eighth inch squirming creature in her grasp, Katie’s brain began to figure out what was
going on. “OH MY GOD, IAN!” she said, nearly deafening her tiny nephew. “I KNEW YOU’D BE SMALL,
BUT I DIDN’T THINK YOU’D BE THIS SMALL!”
A sense of relief washed over the tiny guy, knowing that his giant aunt at the very least knew who he was.
Not having his cell phone on him, it was clear to Ian that he really didn’t have a way of communicating with
his massive aunt. Not really knowing what else to do, he just raised the camera and began taking pictures of
her giant face while he was in front of it. Within seconds though, he soon felt himself descending back down
towards the ground.
“I’VE GOT AN IDEA,” the giant Katie boomed, lowering her miniscule nephew back down to the floor.
“SINCE I FOUND YOU AND YOU’RE SAFE, LET’S GET BACK TO THE WHAT WE PLANNED
OUT.” Ian watched in awe as his aunt placed each of her giant feet down next to him and stood with her
hands on her hips. “START TAKING PICTURES DOWN THERE, LITTLE BOY,” she said with a teasing
tone.
Not really having much of a say in the matter at this point, Ian swore under his breath and began snapping
photos of the titanic woman.
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Having never done a photoshoot like this before, Katie began striking what she assumed were erotic, sexy
and empowering poses. In her yellow sundress, she began to wiggle her ass, knowing Ian was underneath it
down on the floor. She started to giggle as she did this, knowing how insignificant and pathetic Ian currently
was. As she did this, she moved her foot over a wet spot on the floor and started to lose her balance and fall,
ass first.
Watching in what felt like slow motion, Ian could only stand there and scream as the giant body began to
descend down towards him. His eyes widened and his mouth was agape. The backside of Katie grew larger
and larger as it fell closer. Legs shaking with fear, Ian turned and prepared for his body to be ground to a
pulp.
Falling on the floor butt first, Katie instantly froze. She was horrified at what she had just done, believing that
her sweet nephew had been obliterated underneath her ass. She was afraid to move, fearing the damage she
could do.
Curled up in a ball, the impact had thrown Ian’s body several inches across the floor. Still very disoriented,
the first thing he noticed was a familiar smell, one he associated with eating out his girlfriend. Turning his
head, he saw that he had not been crushed under his aunt’s ass. Instead, she had fallen behind him, and he
was now under her yellow sundress, staring up at the gigantic camel toe, which Katie’s thong was doing a
very poor job of hiding. With a deep breath and a sigh, Ian raised his camera.
Backing up slightly, Katie noticed the tiny creature that was her nephew still moving on the floor. She
realized where she landed, and just how close that was. “SWEETIE!” she said, reaching down and plucking
him up, before bringing him over to the dining room table and setting him down. “THAT WAS TOO CLOSE,
WE NEED TO BE MORE CAREFUL.” Deciding this was a bit too risky, she tinkered with the remote and
brought Ian up to a quarter inch tall, now table to see him better as a tiny human. “WHY DON’T YOU TAKE
A LITTLE BREAK, HONEY,” Katie said as she walked out of the room. She had no way of knowing how
badly Ian wanted to be grown back to normal size at this moment.
Walking into the kitchen, Katie went to the sink and poured herself a glass of water. Her heart was racing, and
she didn’t want Ian to know how much she had enjoyed that. She had even gotten a little wet at the feeling of
a tiny guy nearly getting pulverized underneath her body. “Just relax,” she whispered to herself and closed
her eyes.
Turning her head, she then saw the cupcakes Ian had brought her, and an idea popped into her mind. 
End Notes:
--
More to come.  Stay tuned!
Back to index
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Chapter 2 - Aunt Katie's Mouth by Da Boss
Author's Notes:
Here's the next chapter. A bit shorter than most of my chapters.  Hope you enjoy.
--
Knowing that her nephew was temporarily safe on the dining room table, Katie took a moment to collect
herself. She sipped some cool water and took a few deep breaths, trying to get herself to relax. She couldn’t
believe how into everything she had gotten, this was her nephew for heaven’s sake! Still, the middle-aged
woman knew she needed more with her tiny nephew.
Glancing over, Katie spotted the cupcakes that Ian had brought over when he arrived. Her stomach rumbled
and she licked her lips. Opening the package, she grabbed a chocolate cupcake and gobbled it down quickly,
unaware that she was letting out a quiet and satisfied moaning noise. Reaching into the carton, she grabbed a
yellow vanilla cupcake with white frosting and walked back towards the dining room table, where her quarter
inch nephew was currently located.
Down on the table, Ian was feeling very annoyed. He had narrowly avoided death, as his aunt’s titanic
posterior had nearly demolished him when she fell. Not only that, but he was starting to lose trust in his aunt.
Not liking being tiny for this long, Ian was really hoping she would grow him back soon. He typically made
sure to keep the remote that altered his size with him, but for some reason, probably out of naïve good will,
decided his aunt could be trusted with it. To be fair, Ian had no reason NOT to trust her, she was family after
all and had never acted like this before.
In the meantime, Ian continued to tinker with his camera, looking at the photos he had taken. It was pretty
much all he could do to keep his mind occupied at the time. Glancing at the pictures he had already captured,
he had to admit that he did a pretty damn good job. His aunt sure did look like a powerful giantess in those
pictures, particularly the ones where he was directly underneath her.
The ground underneath Ian began to shake, signifying the return of his giant Aunt Katie. He glanced up and
was a bit confused by the giddy expression on her face…and the fact that she was carrying a giant cupcake
and set it down on the table next to his quarter inch frame. “Well, shit,” he muttered to himself, knowing that
Katie likely had something weird in mind.
“ALRIGHT, LITTLE GUY,” Katie said, causing Ian’s eyes to roll. She was having WAY too much fun
saying that line, and both of them knew it. “FOR THE NEXT ROUND OF PHOTOGRAPHS, I WAS
THINKING WE COULD USE SOME PROPS.” Katie then motioned to the cupcake.
Making the assumption that his aunt Katie would simply eat the cupcake and he wanted him to take pictures
of her doing so, Ian prepared to raise the camera and starting snapping photos. To his surprise, his aunt’s giant
fingers descended and plucked up his tiny body, lifting him into the air. He shouted as she quickly released
him and his body plummeted back down towards the earth.
Rather than landing in a mangled and crippled heap on the hardwood table, Ian landed on a in a sticky, white
mess. Wiping his eyes clean, his sense of smell was overtaken by the strong pleasant aromas of vanilla,
cinnamon and peppermint. “Shit, didn’t plan on being a cupcake topping,” Ian said to himself, as he tried and
failed to pull himself to his feet in the sludgy mess of frosting.
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
“IAN, YOU LOOK SO CUTE LIKE THAT,” Katie said, teasing her miniscule nephew as she lowered her
face down to get a better look at him. She blinked twice, studying his frosting coated body. Her stomach
rumbled again, and she began to get that same excited and giddy feeling she had before. Taking a deep breath
and biting her lower lip, she delicately grabbed the cupcake and began to lift it skyward towards her face.
“CUTE ENOUGH TO EAT!” she giggled.
Panic began to overtake Ian’s body. He had only been inside the mouth of one other person while shrunk: his
girlfriend. He trusted her much more than he trusted his crazy aunt right now. Knowing she couldn’t hear him
wasn’t enough right now, he began to shout at her anyway. “Wait Aunt Katie, you can’t eat me!” he
screamed.
Watching the giant, serpentine tongue slither out of his aunt’s cavernous mouth, Ian was left speechless. His
hands shook, and all he could do was raise them and start taking pictures of her. He watched as the giant
tongue snatched some of the frosting, and retracted back inside of her mouth. The let out a moan and just said
the word “YUMMY” as her lips twisted into a sinister smile. “YOU BETTER BE TAKING PICTURES
DOWN THERE, LITTLE GUY,” Katie said, as her tongue descended down again to scoop up more frosting.
The giant, pink muscle hit the spongy surface of the cupcake and rapidly approached Ian. The tiny guy had to
dive to the side, to avoid being pulled into the mouth of the hungry giantess in front of him.
Again having to brush the sticky substance off of his face, Ian glanced away as he set his camera down and
swore under his breath, pissed off that he had allowed himself to get stuck in this situation. As he picked his
camera back up to take more shots, he noticed a shadow coming over the cupcake. He turned his head and
screamed.
Approaching the cupcake at a high rate of speed was his aunt Katie’s face, only this time her mouth was wide
open. She wasn’t coming in to delicately lick the cupcake, she wanted a bite. Her warm breath washed over
everything, including her nephew, as he desperately tried to backtrack. The giant, red lips and pearly white
teeth covered a good portion of the cupcake as Katie bit down. As she did so, her lips closed, forming a wall
of red, right in front of Ian’s pathetically small body.
“No Aunt Katie! Don’t fucking eat me!” Ian shouted as he fell to his ass. His hands shook in fear as his mind
was not in the right place to do his job and take photographs. He could only watch in horror and amazement
as the spongy ground in front of him was pulled away with his aunt Katie’s giant bite.
Feeling more powerful than ever, Katie savored this bite and chewed it slowly. She made sure to glance down
at the cupcake and tried her best to make eye contact with Ian. She wanted him to feel truly insignificant
compared to a goddess like her. “OKAY IAN, ARE YOU READY,” Katie said, lowering her face down
towards the cupcake once more.
Ian panicked. “Ready?” he shouted. “Ready for what?!” He didn’t have to wait long to get his answer.
His aunt’s tongue descended down from the sky like an aerial predator, grazing along the surface of the
cupcake. It picked up frosting along the way, but was right on course with Ian’s tiny frame. He had no time to
run, the giant pink wall slammed into his body, scooping it into the air. Dazed and stuck to the surface of the
tongue with saliva, Ian eventually got his wits about him and screamed.
Katie was sitting there with her tongue out of her mouth, seemingly waiting for Ian to do something. When
he did not, she did her best to utter the words “TAKE IT,” while not pulling her tongue back into her mouth.
Ian did as instructed, snapping a few pictures of his aunt’s titanic face while on top of her tongue. He could
only stand for a few seconds, the spongy ground underneath him combined with the slippery yet sticky
frosting coating his body meant he was constantly losing his balance.
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
After making sure to take multiple pictures, Ian set the camera down on his aunt’s tongue and began jumping
up and down and waving his arms back and forth. This was the best way he could think of to alert her that he
was done, and ready to grow back to normal size. He got a very bad feeling staring up at his titanic aunt, who
appeared to have only one eye open, the best way she could view him from her perspective.
While she could be a bit of an airhead at times, Katie was not an idiot. She saw her tiny nephew trying to get
her attention and knew exactly what this meant. But she was not done quite yet. She raised her giant hand
right next to her exposed tongue, which was starting to produce drops of saliva that trickled down towards the
floor. Rather than pluck Ian’s body up and place him down safely, she merely gave him a thumbs up gesture.
Ian’s eyes widened, and then all he could do was scream. There was nothing he could do as the giant,
muscular, fat tongue quickly retracted back into the mouth of his aunt Katie….with him still attached to it!
“Let me the fuck out of here!” screamed the incredibly frustrated and now terrified Ian. It was pitch black
apart from the very faint light of the camera. It was incredibly hot and humid, and the air around Ian had a
sickly sweet aroma to it, probably from the sugary cupcake that Katie had just bitten into.
“I’LL LET YOU OUT SOON ENOUGH, LITTLE GUY,” Katie boomed, not realizing how dangerous her
voice currently was to her poor nephew’s eardrums. “I’M JUST NOT DONE YET.” She then opened her
mouth wide, revealing rows of pearly white teeth, drops of saliva dotting the pink landscape, and light barely
streaming in from the outside world into her maw.
Throwing his hands into the air, Ian knew that there was nothing he could do and he was pretty much at his
aunt’s mercy. “Whatever,” he said angrily. He snapped a few pictures, as even he had to admit that this was
quite the view. “I guess this will look good for the resmue,” he muttered, trying to lighten his mood.
Suddenly, Ian’s jaw dropped and his hair nearly went white. An object had entered the mouth of the cave he
was currently in. He then realized exactly what it was: the rest of the cupcake.
“MMMMMM,” Katie teased as she stuck the rest of the vanilla cupcake into her mouth, closing her eyes and
pulling out her index finger with a *POP*. With food entering her mouth, Katie’s began began to react
naturally. Saliva began to pool around the cupcake, enough to wipe Ian off his feet.
The tiny guy began to scream and freak out as Katie started to chew. Her bites into the cupcake were delicate
and methodical. She was clearly doing all she could do make sure Ian didn’t end up between those teeth, but
he was still scared for his life regardless.
Wiping saliva and chewed cupcake out of his eyes, Ian saw the pulverized remains of the cupcake making it’s
way to the back of Katie’s throat. Not paying attention to his surroundings, Ian took a step back and tripped
over a small taste bud, landing flat on his back and knocking the air out of his body. However, Katie’s tongue
could not tell the difference between the cupcake which it was currently maneuvering towards her throat and
her shrunken nephew.
“Wait Katie stop!” shouted Ian in complete panic, as the giant woman’s tongue tilted backwards. It was like a
pitch black water slide as the saliva running towards her throat down her tongue quickened the pace at which
he was being carried. He tried his best to find something to grip onto to prevent himself from being pulled
into her throat towards her stomach, where he would surely be digested.
Quietly humming to herself, Katie slightly tilted her head up and began to swallow. The mashed-up cupcake
disappeared down her throat. She was totally unaware that her nephew was also right about to disappear into
her digestive system.
Trying his best to find a way to free himself, Ian finally caught a lucky break. His movements managed to
irritate his aunt’s throat just enough to cause a tickle. Bringing her hand up to her mouth, Katie let out a
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
cough. This cough freed Ian, launching both him and the camera part way out of her mouth, now resting on
her plump and full lower lip.
“HEHE, THERE YOU ARE,” Katie said, reaching up and grabbing Ian’s body. She studied his body in the
palm of her hand, and found herself growing more and more excited and aroused at all of this. Part of her
mind was screaming at her to stop this and grow him back, but she refused to listen. She needed this right
now.
“OKAY, TAKE FIVE MINUTES,” she said, placing him on the table. Ian collapsed on his stomach and
stared at the goddess in front of him, who was now reaching behind her back. Ian watched in silent awe as the
gigantic breasts started to jiggle in the shirt that held them. Katie then freed her hands, and her pink bra fell to
the floor.
“THEN WE’LL TAKE SOME MOUNTAIN PICTURES,” she said ominously, reaching for the remote and
starting to put in a new size.
End Notes:
--
More chapters to come!  Stay tuned!
Back to index
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Chapter 3 - Aunt Katie's Breasts by Da Boss
Author's Notes:
Here's the next chapter.  Hope you enjoy.
--
An eternity seemed to pass for Ian, as he processed everything that was happening. The quarter inch young
man watched in a bit of disbelief as his aunt skillfully removed her bra from underneath the yellow sundress
and dropped it on the ground. The pink bra fell to the ground, and it didn’t take long for Ian to realize what
exactly his aunt meant. “Mountain pictures?” he repeated to himself, and a shiver went down his spine. While
he loved doing this kind of work and photographing beautiful women at a tiny size, he really had no desire to
take photographs of his aunt’s exposed breasts. He intended for this to be a way to empower Katie and make
her feel strong after the divorce had been so deflating to her. He felt that this was starting to go off the rails.
Despite her nephew’s hesitation and reluctance to do anything involving Katie’s bare breasts, Katie was
starting to get too into this to care. Her nephew’s attempts to make her feel empowered worked like a charm
in her mind. She was absolutely loving the feeling she had over his tiny body, and couldn’t wait to see these
pictures close up. “GET READY LITTLE GUY,” she said, biting her lower lip. She waved her hips back and
forth ever so slightly, which she was sure looked great. Gently gripping the yellow fabric of her sundress
which hung down past her waist and began to raise it up, revealing her crotch…then her stomach…then her
breasts.
“Holy shit,” Ian muttered as he stared at the goddess ahead of him. Aunt Katie was clearly enjoying this.
After discarding her bra, she now lifted her sundress, starting to flash her miniaturized nephew. The first
thing he saw was her lacy underwear, giving Ian scattered glimpses of her dark brown forest of pubic hair.
Next was her stomach. Another chill traversed Ian’s spine. Thoughts of being inside his aunt’s mouth and so
dangerously close to her throat raced through his head. He knew just how close he came do being trapped in
that stomach and digesting with the rest of her food. Katie continued lifting her sundress, until she revealed
her massive, triple-D cup breasts. They were absolutely massive, especially at Ian’s tiny size. He knew that if
Katie leaned down and pinned him underneath those monstrous tits, his body would likely be crushed. If she
decided to drop him down between them and squeeze them together, he would either suffocate or be crushed.
Still, even though it was his aunt and he felt he was about to be placed in an extremely dangerous situation,
Ian was still a heterosexual guy and found himself unable to look away.
Ian was brought back to reality when a giant, well-manicured hand reached down and snatched up his
quarter-inch body, holding him between it’s thumb and index finger, much tighter than he was uncomfortable
with. “Aunt Katie stop!” he wheezed, as the air was pushed out of his lungs. “I can’t breathe!”
“YOU’RE COMING WITH ME LITTLE GUY,” Aunt Katie said, now paying no attention to Ian’s well-
being. Her heart was racing in her chest and she quickly made her way over to her bedroom where she
eagerly laid down on the bed. She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down though it had little effect.
Opening her hand, she tilted is slightly, causing her quarter-inch nephew to tumble down her palm, coming to
a rest on the soft skin at the base of her left breast.
Shaking his head a few times in confusion, Ian’s attempted to get to his feet before falling back down. It took
nearly thirty seconds to get his bearings, between being dizzy and having the air squeezed out of his lungs by
his aunt’s giant fingers. “Jesus Christ,” he whispered, staring at the giant breast in front of him. As
uncomfortable as it made him, he couldn’t help but be amazed at the largest breasts he had ever seen in his
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
life. Reaching down, he grabbed his bag and lifted his camera, ready to begin shooting.
“ALRIGHT IAN, LET’S MAKE THESE SOME REAL MOUNTAINS,” Katie said with a laugh, exhale and
laugh shaking her chest and knocking Ian off of his feet.
“Wait what? No I’m fucking small enough!” shouted Ian in frustration. He saw his aunt lift the remote and
start putting something into it. He wished he had a better way to contact her. He knew he was at her mercy
now though and couldn’t really think of a way out of his. Sure, he could take off the belt which changed his
size, but he needed it to grow back. If he removed the belt, there was every chance Katie would change its’
size, meaning it wouldn’t fit him anymore when he needed to grow back. That was not a chance Ian was
willing to take. He began waving his arms trying to catch his aunt’s attention. “Katie!  Don’t shrink me
again!” he screamed. Her brown eyes were laser focused on the remote however, and she paid no attention to
her little nephew.
Katie’s eyes widened as she entered a new size into the remote. “OOHHHHH, A HALF MILLIMETER
TALL,” she said, striking fear into Ian’s body. “LET’S DO THAT!”
Despite his pleas, Ian knew that there was nothing he could do at the moment. He knew what was about to
happen as his giant aunt entered the new size into the remote.
“AND ENTER!” Katie said, giddy for what she was about to witness. Pressing the button to change her
nephew’s size, her brown eyes drifted down from the remote to her chest, where she couldn’t wait to watch
Ian get much, much smaller. The giantess bit her lower lip as Ian’s quarter-inch body shrunk smaller and
smaller, until he was barely visible at the size of a half millimeter speck.
Momentarily dazed and confused, it took Ian some time to adjust to his new size. When he finally came back
to his senses, his jaw dropped as he examined his surroundings. “Oh my god,” he mumbled. “I don’t think
I’ve ever been this small before.”
As Katie took in a big inhale, Ian dropped down to his knees, losing his balance. Glancing up, he could not
believe the size of his aunt’s breasts, which were truly mountainous to him now. She ground below him shook
again, this time from another of Katie’s giggles. “HOLY CRAP YOU’RE TINY, I CAN BARELY SEE
YOU,” she boomed. “NOW WHY DON’T YOU START CLIMBING. I WANT TO SEE YOU MAKE IT
TO MY NIPPLE.” While she said this, Katie reached over with her left hand and squeezed her right nipple.
She let out a moan as she did this and bit her lower lip again. In front of his very eyes, Ian watched as the
giant areola which was many times taller than his body grew and stiffened, becoming firmer from his aunt’s
actions.
“What the fuck is happening,” Ian said to himself in anger. All he wanted right now was to be grown back to
normal size and awkwardly leave his aunt’s house, having no plans to do anything like this any time soon. He
felt relatively confident that aunt Katie would grow him back eventually. He assumed she knew that there
would be no way for her to see these pictures if she didn’t. Still, he knew just how vulnerable he was at such
a tiny size, and prayed that his aunt wouldn’t do anything reckless.
Knowing that he definitely wouldn’t be grown back to normal size until he at least attempted to scale those
giant breasts, Ian exhaled and began to long trek. He snapped a few pictures from the base of Katie’s breast,
before throwing the black bag over his shoulder. He wasn’t really sure how he was going to do this, but he
knew it would be a pain in the ass. Leaning forward, he pressed his hands into the soft skin, which gave way
just enough for him to find a grip. “Damn it,” he whispered to himself. “I guess we’ll see how this works
out.” The tiny man began to make very slow progress as he traversed the chest of his giant aunt.
While Ian was doing all he could not to break down and have a panic attack during his strenuous task, Katie
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
was absolutely loving it. The middle-aged giantess was taking deep breaths as her eyes zeroed in on her
speck-sized nephew. She could barely see him, and it his body wasn’t against her pale skin she would’ve lost
him pretty easily. Ian’s plan to make her feel empowered had worked like a charm, and Katie was feeling on
top of the world right now. Not only that, but she was starting to picture herself as Ian’s ENTIRE world. He
was so insignificant to a goddess like her, and she loved every second of it.
Watching his slow progress, Katie did her best to keep the right side of her body still. She knew that if she
moved too much, Ian would likely fall and disappear somewhere. However, Katie was unable to keep her
entire body from moving. Not able to hold it back anymore, Katie’s left arm slowly made it’s way down to
her lacy, pink underwear, wrapped tightly around her crotch. Taking deep breaths which caused her chest to
rise and fall, Katie’s brown eyes darted back and forth between Ian’s tiny body and her hand down next to her
vagina.
Trying her best to control her breathing, Katie’s fingers made their way through her underwear, and were now
stroking and caressing her pussy lips. She let out a quiet moan (for her) and closed her eyes momentarily. As
her ravenous fingers found her clit and began teasing it, her mind began to race with more fantasies involving
tiny people. She was now thinking about her good for nothing ex-husband, Steve, and all the things she
wished she could do to him.
“UGH, THAT’S RIGHT STEVE, YOU’RE SO FUCKING SMALL,” she said aloud, still lost in her own
thoughts.
These words cut right through Ian’s tiny body. “Wait, Steve?” His half-millimeter frame glanced up towards
Katie’s face. He could instantly see that her massive eyes were closed and that she was biting her lower lip. It
was also clear that she was breathing much deeper and heavier than normal.
“KEEP CLIMBING MY FUCKING TITS, STEVE,” Katie demanded, her voice sounding breathy as she got
more and more turned on. “WORSHIP MEEEEEE,” she said, her voice trailing off. Her hand was moving
quicker and quicker as it toyed with her clit.
Suddenly Katie let out a gasp and her eyes opened. It was enough to knock Ian off his feet, and he slowly
began sliding down the soft skin of her breast. With her eyes darting back and forth for a bit, they finally
located and zeroed in on Ian’s miniscule body, slowly sliding down the mountainous tit.
“COME HERE,” she demanded, and raised a giant hand up from her crotch. The shadow overtook Ian’s tiny
body. One giant index finger descended, and pressed against Ian’s body, nearly crushing him. Turning her
hand over, Katie smiled looking at Ian’s body sprawled out on her index finger.
Caught off guard by his aunt’s actions. Ian soon realized he was laying in an incredibly sticky substance on
his aunt’s finger. He didn’t even have a chance to question what it was. He opened his mouth to shout
something, but the fluid ended up getting in his face. Then the alarms started sounding in his head. He knew
the finger he was trapped on had just been in his aunt’s vagina.
“I WANT YOU TO TAKE PICTURES OF MY NIPPLE NOW!” Katie said, much more demanding than
anything she had said so far today. There was something much more different about her tone now. Ian’s plan
of good intentions to help empower his aunt had clearly worked too well.
Katie raised her finger to her right nipple, now much more erect and firm than before. She brushed her finger
against the tit, and smiled watching Ian’s tiny body against the flesh-colored skin. While Ian had no real
options at the moment, his sticky body coated in his aunt’s cum was sticking to the skin surrounding his
aunt’s areola. For the next minute and a half, all he could do was snap photographs in every direction.
Feeling that Ian probably had enough time to take his pictures, Katie brought her finger to her mouth and
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
sucked on it for a moment. Coated in her saliva, her finger reached down and plucked up her tiny nephew
once more. “ALRIGHT, LET’S BRING YOU BACK UP A LITTLE BIT,” she said with a giggle.
Ian felt his body start to expand in size, until he was about two millimeters tall. Glancing around, he saw his
aunt was moving her hand down towards her crotch, with him in her grasp.
End Notes:
--
More to come...
Back to index
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Chapter 4 - Aunt Katie's Crotch by Da Boss
Author's Notes:
Here's the newest chapter, hope you enjoy!
--
“Wait, Aunt Katie, stop!” Ian shouted as he tried to squirm for his freedom. He had done everything his
deranged aunt had asked for him to do. He had gone above and beyond getting amazing photographs of her
which she would have forever and could enjoy whenever she wanted. Instead of thanking him, she was now
abusing the power she had controlling his size. And worse than everything else, she was lowering his tiny
body towards her giant vagina. Ian tried and failed again to wiggle free, but his aunt’s thumb and index finger
managed to hold him firmly in place.
Katie was seemingly in a trance at the moment. She would probably admit that this was taking everything too
far, but she needed this right now. She justified all of this by just imagining it Ian was actually her useless,
ex-husband Steve, and was just trying to live out all the fantasies she wished she could do to him right now.
The fact that the tiny was also photographing her, making her appear as a goddess was a major plus. The fact
that it was hew own nephew who was currently two-millimeters tall and dangling above her crotch was a
small minus.
Lowering Ian’s tiny body down above her pubic forest, Katie bit her lip and closed her eyes momentarily,
letting out a breathy moan. Releasing her shrunken nephew from her grasp, Ian plummeted the short distance
down into the well-maintained jungle. He fell a short distance, but was smacked multiple times by branches
made of human pubic hair on the way down. One stray hair caught him right across the forehead, nearly
knocking him unconscious and causing him to bleed slightly. “LISTEN LITTLE GUY, TAKE A FEW
MORE PICTURES AND I’LL GROW YOU BACK,” Katie demanded.
Ian swore aloud hearing this. He absolutely did not believe her, but what choice did he have. His fate and size
were literally in her control, so all he could do was sigh. The tiny guy turned around and began to examine
his surroundings. The scent of his aunt’s private region began to overwhelm his senses and made his eyes
water. The black hairs spiraled up from the ground and towered above him. The heat coming from his aunt’s
body was causing Ian to start to sweat. Realizing what he had to do, the disgruntled tiny photographer began
walking south towards his aunt’s monstrous pussy.
Katie’s eyes sprung open as a thought popped into her dirty mind. A mischievous grin spread across her face
as she reached for the remote which controlled her pathetic, little nephew’s size. She glanced down at her
crotch and saw his tiny body making his way towards her pussy. The visual caused her more stimulation and
she started to get wetter and wetter. She wanted to try something though. She could still see him and she
wanted him smaller.
Adjusting the remote, she saw bit her lip, ready to lose site of her miniscule nephew. Down on Katie’s body
however, Ian was minding his own business. He was on hie trek, the stray pubic hairs brushing past his body,
which made him shutter. The very idea that his aunt’s pubic hairs were smacking him in the face nauseated
him. Then he felt that all too familiar tingling sensation take over his body.  “Fuck, now what?!” he shouted.
He soon got his answer, as the skinny black hairs that he was meandering through soon grew into towering
California redwoods.
“HAH!  I THINK YOU LOST WEIGHT LITTLE GUY!” Katie boomed in what she felt was just a teasing
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
tone. “BETTER BE CAREFUL, YOUR BIG OLD AUNTIE CAN’T EVEN SEE YOU NOW!” Katie
reached up and grabbed her left breast, while her other hand began to caress her inner thigh.
Down in the now sprawling forest surrounding his aunt’s nether-regions, Ian was finished throwing his fit,
and had regained his composure. Snapping photographs every now and then of the pubes, Ian had to admit
this was quite the incredible sight. He tried to envision this as some beautiful model who he had trusted to
control his size. One who had asked him to photograph her. If that had been true he would probably be unable
to control himself sexually. That said, if only it wasn’t his aunt.
After nearly a half hour, Ian began to approach the massive canyon of his aunt’s pelvic region. He stared out
in disbelief at the sheer size of everything. Katie’s titanic hand was caressing the inner part of her thigh, while
her giant thumb was reaching over and appeared to be stroking and flicking something. Then Ian looked
down and shouted, seeing what his giant aunt was doing. “Holy shit!”
Ian stood at the edge of the cliff that was his aunt’s vagina, staring down. His eyes were wide, unable to take
them off of the massive, exposed clit. Every time her thumb brushed against it, the kaiju’s body would let out
a deep sigh and moan. The ground would shake underneath Ian, the most recent one causing Ian to drop to his
knees. The massive organ looked like something out of a body horror movie, coated in bodily fluids and
emitted an odor that made Ian want to vomit.
Despite the fact that Katie had no idea where Ian was on her body, she liked picturing that he was right at her
vagina. Her mind raced with imaginary scenarios of Steve being forced to worship and serve her. She wanted
nothing more than his worthless, tiny body groveling in front of her giant, pulsing vagina. She loved the idea
that she could force him inside of her and crushing him, just like he was nothing.
During her dirty fantasies, Katie’s hand and fingers gracefully transitioned from her inner thigh to her vagina.
While before one finger was teasing her clit, now multiple fingers were plunging in and out of the wet
cavern. As she did so, she began thrusting her hips towards the ceiling, completely losing herself in the
moment. For poor Ian, this might’ve spelled disaster. The speck sized nephew of Katie was busy attaching the
camera to a sling over his shoulder, when he suddenly lost his balance. “Shit, someone help me!” he shouted
to no avail. His miniscule body began to tumble and slide down the wet, slimy lips of his aunt’s pussy.
The tiny guy continued to fall head over heels until he finally came down a stop. His body was badly bruised
and everything hurt. He tried to pull himself to his feet but fell back down on his face. It took a few minutes,
but Ian began to gather his strength and stir. Then the hints from his surroundings started to reveal his
location.
While Ian was laying face down, that distinct pungent odor began to seep into his nostrils. It was a smell he
knew all too well from going down on women, only amplified by a thousand. He started to life his head, but
momentarily struggled as whatever terrain he was laying on was also very sticky. Blinking his eyes rapidly,
Ian shook his head. Everything around him was pink.
A booming moan snapped the tiny guy back to reality. He gasped in a panic and tried to jump to his feet, but
his entire body was covered in a slightly sticky ooze. Whipping his head back and forth, his eyes widened
and lip started to quiver. He turned his head and saw the body off his goddess of an aunt. It finally clicked.
He was speck sized and on her clit.
In a humiliated manor, Ian shouted as he fell face first once again, almost as soon as he stood up. Despite his
incredibly tiny size, he still had the feeling that his aunt could feel all of his movements.
While Ian was struggling, Katie was nearly intoxicated on her own power. She couldn’t be sure, but she had a
feeling she knew where Ian was. She could swear she felt extra stimulation on her clit, and it was driving her
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
absolutely nuts! “Fuck, I need more,” she whispered to herself, though it was still incredibly loud to Ian.
The speed of her thrusts into the air from her back began to increase, as did the duration of each thrust. Biting
her lip, Katie looked down and gently pinched her clitoris between her thumb and index finger. She gasped
and let out another noise, which sounded like a combination between a moan and a scream.
Ian panicked as the two skyscraper like fingers smashed into the sponge-like landscape near him, almost
pulverizing his tiny body. He tried to raise the camera and take more pictures, but his arms were just not
working anymore. He was transfixed on what he was watching, feeling like this was going to be the end of
him. There was also part of him who, as much as he hated to admit it, enjoyed this and found it very erotic.
He was disgusted with himself, but couldn’t hide the fact that there was more blood rushing to the growing
erection he was hiding.
Katie soon began to rub her fingers back and forth against her clit, her moans getting higher and higher
pitched. As she did this, her index finger, which was now absolutely covered in her sexual fluids, brushed
against Ian’s body. He managed to jump out of the direct path or he would have been smashed, but now
sound himself stuck to the giant digit, unable to pull himself free.
“Oh shit!  Aunt Katie, stop!” he shouted, as the index finger began to enter the hungry cave of his horny aunt,
all with Ian still stuck to it.
Katie was having none of this. She could not hear Ian. Honestly, she didn’t really know where he was, she
only had a perverted assumption that he was on or around her clit. However, even if she could hear and help
him, she was still having none of it. Her massive fingers began to stroke the walls of her pussy, forcing her
speck sized nephew to come along for the ride.
Ian was in what he would consider his own personal version of hell. He was stuck to his horny aunt’s finger
as the plowed her own pussy. The heat was extremely overpowering, and it took all of his willpower not to
pass out. He felt the finger drag along the slimy wall before turning again, pinning him face first against the
other side of Katie’s cunt.
Katie began to moan again. Her eyes shot open, and she knew she was about to cum. “Oh fuck that’s good,”
she said. “FUCK YOU STEVE, DROWN IN MY FUCKING PUSSY!” she said, closing her eyes again and
biting her lip.
Stuck to his aunt’s finger, a wave of fluid from her vagina washed over Ian. He coughed and gagged on the
disgusting liquid. He spat it out, despite it burning his eyes and causing him to accidentally swallow a
mouthful at the giantess orgasmed.
Exhaling, Katie did all she could to catch her breath. Her heart was racing and she was trying her best to
control her breathing. She was coming back to her senses and let out a giggle as she felt her own fingers
inside her own vagina.
She propped herself up a little bit and stared down towards her crotch. Grabbing the remote, she couldn’t help
but smile. “Let’s see where you are, little guy,” she laughed to herself. Adjusting the remote, she changed the
settings for Ian, causing him to start growing back to a half centimeter tall. While Katie was focused on her
crotch, expecting to see, and hoping to feel Ian, she glanced down and was more than surprised to see him
starfished out on her index finger.
“Hey LITTLE guy,” she said, trying her very best to be demeaning to him. She liked the idea of him knowing
his place around her. “You look like you’ve had a long day.”
Ian honestly couldn’t find the words. He was totally exhausted, and was on the verge of passing out. He felt
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
his body tingling, and assumed his aunt Katie was shrinking him once again. At that point his body just quit
and he faded into unconsciousness.
Waking up several minutes later in a panic, Ian rapidly began touching his chest and the ground next to him.
The last thing he remembered was being very small on his aunt’s finger and covered in her vaginal fluids.
Glancing around the room, he soon realized he was back at his normal size, and his aunt was there smiling at
him. Quickly, Ian began to remove the size belt, before his aunt could shrink him once again.
“Oh relax, Ian,” she said in a strangely soothing tone. “I’m not shrinking you down again. Yet.”
Ian stared at his aunt momentarily but it appeared she was telling the truth. “Okay,” he said, not quite sure
what was going on. “Did…did you want me to download those pictures that I took?
Aunt Katie smiled and bit her lower lip. “Yes. Yes I do.”
Feeling like his ordeal was over, Ian hopped on his laptop which he kept at normal size and uploaded the
pictures. Everything from being down on the floor, to in and around Katie’s mouth, to on top of her
mountainous breasts, to being on ground zero next to her vagina. It appeared that she was absolutely loving
all of this. 
“So, are we good?” he asked, more than ready to leave and take a shower. This was an experience he never
wanted to speak of again.
“Actually, no,” Katie said in a stern and demanding tone. “I’ve got an agreement that I think you’re going to
go along with.”
Ian's blood went cold as there was something about his aunt's behvaior that terrified him.
End Notes:
--
One more chapter to go, hope you enjoyed so far!
Back to index
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
Chapter 5 - Aunt Katie's Ultimatum by Da Boss
Author's Notes:
Here's the last chapter for the story.  Hope you enjoy!
--
An awkward silence filled the room as Ian stared at his aunt in disbelief. He was still processing what she had
said and was currently standing there with his jaw agape. He was at a loss for words managing to only stutter
out a “I…we can’t…why would you,” before he took a breath and shouted, “are you fucking serious!”
“Yep, very,” Katie said with a sadistic grin, making sure to make direct eye contact with him and doing her
very best to send chills down her nephew’s spine. More awkward silence followed this, as Ian desperately
tried to think of something to say.
--
Katie had given Ian a very scary and serious ultimatum. It started when Ian downloaded the photographs for
Katie. As he was scrolling through them on his aunt’s computer, it took all of Katie’s self-control to not just
start pleasuring herself all over again. She would definitely be enjoying those pictures later. When Ian was
done, Katie had downloaded them onto a flash drive, and then put it inside a lockbox. Ian thought this was
strange, but after the traumatizing day he had just been through, he paid little attention to it.
After locking up the flash drive, Katie decided it was time to drop her bombshell and put Ian in a very scary
situation. She told him to sit down, and poured herself a glass of white wine. She needed it to calm her
nerves. She was nervous about what she was about to do.
Sipping her wine, Katie sat across from her jump and shaken nephew. She began by thanking him for
everything he had done for her today. She really appreciated him for it and was feeling more empowered and
confident than she had been in years. She then told him though, that she needed more. Ian initially stuttered
and tried to divert the conversation, but Katie was having none of it. There was something she wanted, and it
was Ian.
Katie told Ian that he had a very big choice to make. What she really wanted was to have him essentially on
retainer, hers to shrink whenever she wanted. She told him that she’d pay him, but when she called, she
expected him to show up with the size-changing belt and the remote, giving her control of it.
As expected, Ian refused this. It was something he had no interest in. He had barely escaped death multiple
times today and was planning on NEVER being used as a sex toy by anyone ever again. Particularly,
someone he was related to.
Knowing that Ian was going to say “No” to her, Katie sipped her wine and fell back on her backup plan. She
told Ian that unless he did this for her, she was going to go public and reveal everything to Ian’s parents. Not
just the size-changing photography business, but everything from this afternoon. The part that mortified Ian,
was when she told him that she would tell his parents she didn’t agree to the photoshoot, and that their tiny
pervert of a son shrunk down and snuck into his aunt’s house. She felt that she had the photographs for proof.
-
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
“So, what’s it gonna be?” Katie said with a sly smirk. She had polished off the last of her white wine and was
absolutely relishing in the uncomfortableness and shock that Ian was experiencing. Subconsciously, she was
still partly imagining that he was Steve.
Ian was at a loss. He felt like he was being forced to sign his life and freedom away. He wanted to panic and
scream, but couldn’t find his voice. Thoughts of what exactly his aunt intended on doing with him began
racing through his mind.
“Well I’ll take your silence as a yes,” Katie joked, standing up. “You should do home, I don’t want your
parents getting suspicious of our new little arrangement.” She gave him a hug, pressing her large breasts
against him. He did not find it in him to hug her back.
--
Three weeks later, Ian’s parents, Roger and Mary, were having a small party with some of the friends, family
and neighbors. One of the people invited was Katie. She was more than happy to have some fun hanging out
with her brother and sister-in-law. One person who wasn’t expected to be at the party was Ian. He had told his
parents that he had to work, and he didn’t seem really happy about it. Mary was obviously disappointed her
son wouldn’t be there, but understood that he needed to work.
Unbeknownst to Roger and Mary, their son was actually attending their party. When Katie arrived, she was
wearing an interesting piece of jewelry. It was a silver necklace with what looked like a tiny, decorative
charm resembling a little bird cage dangling on the end of it, nestled snuggly between her breasts. Currently
residing inside of the charm, was a very annoyed, disgruntled and utterly humiliated Ian. Katie had been
making the most of their new arrangement, and was shrinking and playing with him on the regular. He had
been in this charm before, as Katie liked keeping him in there when he was shrunken and taking him around
town. However, this was the first time he had been inside his own family home as his aunt’s tiny prisoner. He
was awestruck at the giant forms of his family.
Roger had noticed his sister had been in a better mood as of late, and both he and Mary had assumed it was
because she was dating someone new. They had no idea what was actually happening and that their own son
was involved.
At the party, Katie had decided to put on a bit of a show to become the center of attention. She had revealed
to several family members there, that she was dating someone and had also acquired a size changing device.
She amazed people when she told them that her boyfriend was currently inside of the charm on her necklace.
With his vision obscured by the massive breasts on either side of his miniature prison, Ian could hear multiple
loud voices speaking with his Aunt Katie. He was able to recognize two of the voices, as one was Katie
herself, and the other was clearly his father. There were two other, more feminine voices that Ian did not
immediately recognize. Suddenly, he felt his aunt’s fingers gripping the cage he was trapped inside, and
pulling it out of her cleavage and into the light. Ian was stunned as he saw two giantesses staring down at
him, his older sister, Kelly, and his mother. They both had giant smiles plastered across their faces, grinning
down at him, seeming to enjoy his predicament.
“AWWWW, HE LOOKS SO CUTE!” Mary said, poking the cage that entrapped her son with one, large
index finger.
“YEAH, I GUESS HE’S THE SUB IN YOUR RELATIONSHIP!” Kelly said, causing her and Katie to both
break out into laughter, while Mary just rolled her eyes at her daughter’s comment.
“This is so fucking stupid,” Ian said to himself, trying his best to stay calm. He knew that at this small size
and with the bars of the cage somewhat obstructing the view of Kelly and his mom, it would be almost
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
impossible to be recognized. ‘At least they won’t find out who I am’ Ian thought to himself. He could hear
his sister giggling and looked up to see her whispering something in her aunt Katie’s ear. With no warning,
Katie followed Mary and Kelly into a bedroom and closed the door behind them. A very uncomfortable
feeling began to take over Ian’s body.
Katie was acting ecstatic as she removed the necklace chain. Kelly and Mary were totally into the idea of
teasing her new “boyfriend” to introduce him to the family. And they were none the wiser of his actual
identity. As she dangled the chain and the tiny charm in the air, Kelly brought her titanic face down towards
the makeshift prison.
Ian panicked as the tall brunette in her late twenties stared right at him, her light brown eyes piercing right
through his puny body. It seemed like slow motion to Ian, but the giantess licked her lips and then extended
her giant, pink tongue, which started to batter the cage, knocking it back and forth. Both Katie and Mary
laughed at this, assuming that the tiny guy was safe from harm. This was not as amusing for Ian, who was
nauseous from the movement. “Fucking stop it, Kelly!” he shouted to no avail.
“OKAY, SAY AHHHH,” Katie teased, dangling the chain above Kelly’s head. Ian started to scream and panic
as he saw his older sister open her mouth wide, accepting the charm into her mouth like a snack. She then
closed her mouth, her plump, pink lips wrapping around the middle of the chain while Katie held the other
end firmly, ensuring it wouldn’t all vanish into Kelly’s jaws.
With the tiny prisoner trapped in his cell, Kelly closed her eyes and began to suck. As waves of saliva
crashed into the cage and knocked Ian onto his ass, he could feel the cage swaying back and forth. Whether
she knew it or not, Kelly was attempting to pull it back into her throat. If Katie let go of her grip, Ian would
be done for. “Please don’t eat me!” whimpered Ian, pulling himself up to his knees, as more saliva splashed
into his face. “Katie, get me out of here!  Anywhere but here!”
Outside of Kelly’s mouth, Mary was starting to get a bit jealous of her daughter. “Hey now, why does she get
to have all the fun?!”
Kelly just looked at her mom and smiled. “What?!” she said, unintentionally nearly deafening poor Ian.
“Jealous of him? Wish you were in that cage?”
Mary rolled her eyes in annoyance. “Absolutely not, young lady,” she said as Katie pulled the now soaking
wet chain and charm out of Kelly’s mouth, including Ian who was still inside but now gasping for breath. “In
fact, I’ll show you something.” She turned her attention to her sister-in-law. “Kate, be a dear and lower your
little guy down a bit further,” she said.
Ian’s eyes widened as he saw his goddess-like red head of a mother lifting up her pink dress and pulling down
her underwear, revealing her bare, moon-like ass to her daughter, sister-in-law, and unknowingly, her son.
“Holy shit,” Kelly muttered to herself, slightly intimidated by this display.
“That’s right,” Mary laughed. “This is what I’d do to YOU if you were in that cage!” She proceeded to pull
her ass cheeks slightly apart, revealing the giant sphincter between them. Ian was crying at this point, and his
aunt Katie slowly began to swing the tiny cage forwards, towards the giant asshole. She did this a few times,
each time the cage getting closer and closer to the giant anus. Finally, on her fifth swing, the cage connected
with some of the wrinkles of Mary’s asshole.
Ian watched in terror as she asshole of his mother opened, and unleashed a toxic, burning cloud of gas upon
his body. Both Katie and Mary laughed while Kelly just stood there with her jaw dropped. Ian’s eyes burned
and he rubbed them vigorously. Without warning, Mary unleashed another fart upon her shrunken son, this
one causing him to vomit almost immediately.
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
“HERE, HAVE A SNACK,” Katie giggled, lowering one finger and gently nudging the cage forward. Ian’s
sight had just returned in time to see the horror before him, his prison was now being swallowed by his
mother’s asshole.
“OH GOD, THAT FEELS FUCKING AMAZING,” Mary tried to say quietly, making awkward eye contact
with her daughter. She turned to Katie. “Can you leave him in there all night?”
Katie just grinned at this. “Sorry, no can do,” she said, giving the chain a slight tug which caused the cage to
come popping out with it and Mary to utter a high-pitched moan. “He’s MY toy,” she said, winking at her
prisoner and putting the necklace back on.
“Damn,” Mary muttered, starting to regain her composure. “Well you NEED to let me borrow him
sometime,” she said, winking at the tiny human.
Unable to resist this idea, Katie grinned wickedly. “Sure thing, he loves it,” she said, as the charm was tucked
back between her breasts.
No one could hear, but Ian was desperately shouting for help in his tiny prison.
End Notes:
--
Hope you enjoyed the story!
Back to index
Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters and settings are the property of their
respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. No
money is being made from this work. No copyright infringement is intended.
This story archived at http://www.giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?sid=12294
Aunt's Tiny Photographer by Da Boss
https://giantessworld.net/viewstory.php?action=printable&textsize=0&..
